>> Woodruff: PRESIDENT OBAMA
SAID THE MALAYSIAN PLANE CRASH
WAS A GLOBAL TRAGEDY AND CALLED
FOR AN INTERNATIONAL
INVESTIGATION TO UNCOVER WHO
FIRED THE MISSILE THAT BROUGHT
IT DOWN.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
ALSO AHEAD, ISRAEL'S PRIME
MINISTER WARNED THE GROUND
OPERATION IN GAZA COULD WIDEN
SIGNIFICANTLY, AS THE DEATH TOLL
CLIMBED.
PLUS, WE TRAVEL TO WISCONSIN FOR
A LOOK AT THE DEEP POLITICAL
DIVIDES IN AMERICAN POLITICS.
>> ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS LOOK AT
A MAP AND YOU CAN SEE VOTING
RESULTS, JUST HOW WIDESPREAD THE
DIFFERENCES ARE, AND MILWAUKEE,
THE CITY OF MILWAUKEE A DEEP,
DEEP BLUE.
YOU GET THE OUTLYING AREAS OF
MILWAUKEE AND YOU CAN'T GET MUCH
REDDER.
>> Woodruff: AND IT'S FRIDAY,
MARK SHIELDS AND DAVID BROOKS
ARE HERE, TO ANALYZE A FULL WEEK
OF NEWS.
THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF THE
STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.